I'll give you a brief overview
of autocorrect and how it works.
You will learn to identify
misspelled words.
What is an additive distance,
and how to calculate probabilities
of the correct word.
Let's get started with
a simple definition.
What is autocorrect?
Autocorrect is an
application that
changes misspelled words
into the correct ones.
You probably know it
very well already.
You have it on your
phone, tablet,
and on your computer inside
your document editors
and email applications.
For example, it takes a
sentence like this one,
happy birthday deah friend,
and corrects the
misspelled word, deah,
to a word that you probably
intended to write,
which in this context
would be dear,
correctly spelled D-E-A-R.
But what if you typed
deer instead of dear?
Here, you see the word
is spelled correctly,
but it's context is incorrect.
Well, unless your friend
happens to be an actual deer,
you will not test for this
contextual error this week.
As it's a more
sophisticated problem,
you'll get to learn
about that another time.
Instead, this week
you will only look
for words that have
been misspelled and make
corrections to these.
This involves a simple,
it's powerful model,
as you will see.
Let me show you an overview
of how autocorrect works.
There are four key steps.
First, identify an
incorrect word.
Misspelling is one
way to do this.
Second, find strings 1, 2,
3 or n edit distances away.
Don't worry, you will learn
about minimum edit
distance shortly.
For now, what's important
to know is that,
if a string is one edit distance
away from the string
that you typed,
it's more similar to
your string compared to
a string that is two
edit distances away.
Third, filter the strings for
real words that are
spelled correctly.
Fourth, calculate
word probabilities,
which tell you how likely
each word is to appear in
this context and choose
the most likely candidate
to be the replacements.
Now you have a better
intuition for what is
autocorrect and how it
works. That's good.
Next you'll take a closer look
at the details for implementing
each step so that you can begin
to build the autocorrects model.
Now you know how
autocorrect works.
In the coding exercise
of this week,
you will implement
it and see for
yourself that this
works really well.
Next, I'll show you how to
speed up edit
distance computation.